hello friends cadets with you today
I will do a little review of my home
recording studios where I record my
rapigrobzor and their tracks
Immediately apologize for not quality
image here do not believe for writing
I have almost all the sound
with the camera but for now the question is not decided love and
soon i will get myself
normal camera but so far
I hope you will see everything and so
personal computer will not now
I will go over its characteristics
that the last game he pulls on high
on ultra settings in principle with
cope with their tasks normally
sound card tass can you of 122
great sound card for your
price category took it recently like and
very pleased with her task she
copes well and soon
I think I will not change
sound card principle she me
satisfied so the first capacitor
microphone is so old 78 b
Chinese microphone use it
for recording podcasts for years
Skype communication in principle for these
tasks
you cope perfectly well
microphone on which I record my
tracks i'm recording rapigro review and this
australian microphone rode ntk
great condenser mic to me
like the way he passes my voice on
In principle, I am very pleased with them and so are mine.
headphones are ordinary Chinese headphones
no not with people now monitor yet
he, too, has not acquired himself normal
headphones but I think
from the question a little later
akai midi keyboard
LPC 25 is very small comfortable
midi keyboard two octaves
tried to do on her minus in
principle with her tasks she
copes fine to start very
ok midi keyboard
All the more since I'm just starting.
try to make your rap minus me
she arranges
speaker microlab solo-6 with
total power 100 watts of course
not studio monitors
but I like the way speakers transmit
their sound they have a very very deep bass
purely transmit and not sound until I can
afford studio monitors
Well, I think for my purposes so far enough
these columns
well , probably all thanks for that
viewing I hope you were interested with
what i work on what and where i write my
rapigroobzor and that's basically in this
a small room in an ordinary apartment I
recording rapigrobzor and writing my own tracks
thanks for watching with you was kadet you
all happy